! vim:set et ft=xdefaults fdm=marker sw=4 sts=4 ts=4 nopaste :

!! xrdb -q 命令查看当前已加载的 Xdefaults / Xresource 配置信息

xterm*loginShell                        : true
xterm*termName                          : xterm-256color
xterm*saveLines                         : 30720

xterm*locale                            : true
xterm*utf8                              : 1
xterm*utf8Title                         : true
xterm*cjkWidth                          : true

xterm*faceName                          : Envy Code R:pixelsize=12.5
xterm*faceNameDoublesize                : WenQuanYi Micro Hei Mono:pixelsize=12.5

xterm*borderless                        : 1
xterm*geometry                          : 115x34
xterm*scrollBar                         : False
xterm*visualBell                        : false

!! Meta ( Alt ) 发送 Escape ( irssi tab 切换 / Alt + . 补全 )
!! https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Xterm
xterm*altSendsEscape                    : true
xterm*metaSendsEscape                   : true
xterm*eightBitInput                     : false
xterm*deleteIsDEL                       : false

xterm*dynamicColors                     : true

xterm*cursorColor                       : LightSteelBlue1
xterm*background                        : #1a1a1a
xterm*foreground                        : white
xterm*color1                            : #db1b1b
xterm*color9                            : #fe3f44
xterm*color2                            : #90d112
xterm*color10                           : #bbf73e
xterm*color3                            : #ff8b00
xterm*color11                           : #ffe200
xterm*color4                            : #505ff1
xterm*color12                           : #7992ff
xterm*color5                            : #db003a
xterm*color13                           : #ff427e
xterm*color6                            : #00a8db
xterm*color14                           : #42bdff
xterm*color7                            : #e1e1e1
xterm*color15                           : #fcfcfc
xterm*color0                            : #171717
xterm*color8                            : #505354



